Fix slack v3 docs (#29707)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/Integrations/SlackV3/README.md

    | `incidentType` | Type of incidents created in Slack. | False |
    | `allow_incidents` | Allow external users to create incidents via direct messages. | False |
    | `proxy` | Use system proxy settings. | False |

>     | `unsecure` | Trust any certificate (not secure). Make sure to mark this param if you want SlackBlockBuilder script to send response back to the incident context. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `unsecure` | Trust any certificate (not secure). Make sure to mark this parameter if you want the SlackBlockBuilder script to send a response back to the incident context. | False |
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
```

## Troubleshooting
---
**Issue**: The survey sent from SlackBlockBuilder is sent to Slack and submitted successfully, but the response does not show up in context data in Cortex XSOAR.

> **Troubleshooting**: The most likely cause is that there is no API key entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings, or the API key was not created by default admin. Ensure an API key created by a default admin user is entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings. Also, make sure to mark the **Trust any certificate (not secure)** integration param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resolution**: The most likely cause is that there is no API key entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings, or the API key was not created by the default admin user. Ensure that an API key created by a default admin user is entered into the Slack v3 integration instance settings. Also, make sure to mark the **Trust any certificate (not secure)** integration parameter.
```
